Standard Install Instructions:
========================================================================
  Simply add the path to this directory to your matlab path, and you
  should be set.



Platform-Specific Notes:
========================================================================
  If your platform isn't listed here, then either there aren't any
  problems with the standard installation or nobody has reported any
  yet...


  Windows, R2006a
    Place the mexnc.mexw32 file into both of these directories

        C:\path\to\matlab\bin 
        C:\path\to\matlab\bin\win32

    and add both of them to your path.  If do not have the netcdf.dll
    file, please retrieve that from 

    http://www.unidata.ucar.edu/software/netcdf/docs/netcdf-install/Getting-Prebuilt-DLL.html#Getting-Prebuilt-DLL

    and then install that in both places mentioned above.   


  Windows R14, R12
    Place the mexnc.dll and netcdf.dll files into both of these
    directories

        C:\path\to\matlab\bin 
        C:\path\to\matlab\bin\win32

    and add both of them to your path.  Please see the online FAQ.
    

Compiling your Own:
========================================================================
If you need to roll your own on UNIX or unix-like systems, first locate
a file called "mexopts.sh" on your system.  It should be located
under your matlab bin directory.  For example, on my linux system,
matlab is installed in /opt/matlab, and the location of mexopts.sh is
/opt/matlab/bin/mexopts.sh .  So copy that file into the directory into
which you unpacked mexnc.  

You then need to edit it, inserting the following lines in down at the
bottom in the "Architecture independent lines" section.  

	NETCDF="/Applications/net_cdf_install"
	EXTRA_CFLAGS="-I${NETCDF}/include"
	EXTRA_CLIBS="-L${NETCDF}/lib -lnetcdf "
	CFLAGS="-g $CFLAGS ${EXTRA_CFLAGS}"
	CLIBS="$CLIBS ${EXTRA_CLIBS} "

Just change the value of NETCDF to reflect the netcdf installation
location on your system.

Then, from the command line prompt, type

	make all

The result of this should be a mex-file called "mexnc.mex___", where the
"___" is replaced by a suffix suitable to your platform (e.g. "glx" for
linux, "mac" for Mac OS X, etc).  Unless you are on windows, I would
suggest you put the mex-file into the mexnc directory.  On windows,
you should put the mex-file into both the C:\path\to\matlab\bin and
C:\path\to\matlab\bin\win32 directories.  Make sure that the mex-file
precedes the m-file "mexnc.m" on the matlab path.

If compiling for windows, please take a look at the m-file
win32_make_mexnc.  It requires Microsoft Visual C++ compiler version 7.1
and Matlab 7 (sp1) and single threaded NetCDF 3.6.1 library (w/ large
file support), but maybe you can get it to work for other variations.
Note, I do not have access to Microsoft Visual C++, so I cannot test this.

You will need to already have NetCDF installed on your system before
attempting to compile mexnc.

Make sure you add the directory into which this file was unpacked to
your matlab path.  If you also dowload the netcdf_toolbox, make sure
that mexnc precedes the netcdf_toolbox in your matlab path.

For information about building with opendap libraries, please see 
mexcdf.sourceforge.net.

